GitHub. HW_2
1. На локальном репозитории сделать ветки для:
- Postman - git branch Postman
- Jmeter - git branch Jmeter
- CheckLists - git branch CheckLists 
- Bag Reports - git branch Bag_Reports
- SQL - git branch SQL 
- Charles - git branch Charles 
- Mobile testing - git branch Mobile_testing

2. Запушить все ветки на внешний репозиторий - git push -u origin Postman Jmeter CheckLists Bag_Reports SQL Charles Mobile_testing  or git push --all
3. В ветке Bag Reports сделать текстовый документ со структурой баг репорта -
 git checkout Bag_Reports - чтобы перейти в Bag_Reports ветку
 touch bag_report1.txt - создать текстовый документ
 cat > bag_report1.txt
id: 24
date: 24.06.2023	
Severity: Trivial	
Environment (@nickname): iPhone XR @igor9307
Title:
 The Page control is not matching the "Get into practice!" screen on the "All Achievement" section after any test is repeated
Precondition:	
1. The app is downloaded
2. Launch app
3. Pass all the tests in Universes cards 
Steps:
1. Pass any test 4 or 5 right answer
2. Tap the [Go to Achievements] button
3. Open the ""Keep studying"" or ""Shall we practice?"" screen
4. Tap the Close button
5. Retake any test correctly
6. Tap the [Go to Achievements] button
7. Pay attention to the Page controls
Actual Result:
 The Page control is not matching the "Get into practice!" screen
Expected Result:	
 The Page control is matching the "Get into practice!" screen

4. Запушить структуру багрепорта на внешний репозиторий -  
git add bag_report1.txt
git commit -m "bag_report1"
git push 
5. Вмержить ветку Bag Reports в Main
 git checkout main
 git merge Bag_Reports
6. Запушить main на внешний репозиторий - git push -u origin main
7. В ветке CheckLists набросать структуру чек листа.
git checkout CheckLists
touch checklist1.txt - создать текстовый документ
cat > checklist1.txt
id: 17
Precondition:
1. The app is launched
2. Open the ""Our products"" section"
Title:
The "Currency.com Exchange" link redirects to App Store to download Crypto Exchange the Currency.com app
Expected result:
The App store to download "Crypto Exchange Currency.com" app is opened
Result: Passed

8. Запушить структуру на внешний репозиторий
 git add checklist1.txt
 git commit  -m "checklist-1"
 git push
9. На внешнем репозитории сделать Pull Request ветки CheckLists в main
10. Синхронизировать Внешнюю и Локальную ветки Main - git pull